Drink if you've laughed so hard you spit out your drink
Take a drink
Give a drink
NSFW Avis drink
Weebs drink
Vtubers Drink 2
Drink for every erp avatar you own
Brats drink
Drink if you have fallen in vr
Drink 3 if you've danced for a VRC Club
Drink for every lovense toy you own
If you are a danger to yourself drink
Drink if you know the world creator
Drink if you've been pegged
Drink if you've ERPd in the last 3 days
Everyone picks your discord status
Everyone picks your new VRC status
Twerk for 20sec
Double down: Take a drink for every drink you've had in the last 5 min
Drink if you're down bad
Do squats! And give a drink for every 5 you do
Set your status to "Submissive and breedable"
Go sit in a corner for a turn
Drink a shot for every 250$ spent on vrchat (avatars/assets/trackers etc.)
Order nuggies or drink 5
Drink 5 if u ever used myspace
If you're a DJ; Give 5
If your birthday is this month, take and give 5 drinks
Drink if you've said "Good Girl" today, Give a drink if it was said to you.
Drink for every year you've played VRChat
Drink if you've ever danced for a VR club
Drink if you're horny
Drink if you Simp for Someone in the World. Give a Drink if you mention who.
Drink if you've had caffeine today
Drink if you Ever Seen Auro's Tank Attachment
Drink if you would let Para Operate on you UwU.
Drink if you believe Akane commits Tax Evasion
Let everyone playing call you cute or take 3 shots.
Spank Charlotte and give 2 shots. (If Charlotte isn't here take 2 shots)
If you have a Character in RTC Wrestling take 3 shots.
Sisters of the Void get to choose someone to take 2 shots. (Spin Again if neither sister is here)
Channel the Spirit of SaintHaru and WATERFALLLLL!!!!
LilithNox has said take care of yourself Take a water Shot!
Skookumhime Gremlin Energy Activate Roll a dice and Give out that many shots.
MetalTao Puppy time Cuddle up and sit on someone's lap until next turn.
WineQueen's Expensive Taste. Drink if you are drinking Wine.
If Athena has been cringe this week everyone take a shot.
Hapox is being toxic and telling you drink some water.
Shizuka is mixing some beats throw on a song and give a shot.
Cheshur, Andy, and Skylar are cute. Take 1 shot for everyone of them in the world.
If you attend Loro's Classes Take a shot to deal with the pain.
13th Floor Staff Drink
Iridiandragon the Waterdragon is saying drink some water and hug someone.
Mokuzai says you are lost in the forest take 2 shots.
SassyQueen is a good Dancer. If you disagree take a drink.
Emo isn't Dead. Drink and Spin Again
